More documentation (#36)
peopledoc/cabbage: docs/discussions.rst

Asynchronous
    In cabbage, most of the time asynchronoucity is metionned, it's not about
    Python's ``async/await`` features, but about the fact a job is launched
    in the code, and then the calling code moves on, not waiting for the
    completion of the job. Because of this, asynchronous tasks should have a

>     side effect, and dosomething that modifies the world (e.g. compute a costly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    side effect, and do something that modifies the world (e.g. compute a costly
```
